Add Nimbus and Erigon guide (#408)
gnosischain/documentation: docs/node/guide/beacon/_partials/_install_cl_nimbus.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

<Tabs className="tabgroup-with-label network-tabgroup" groupId="network" defaultValue="gnosis" values={[
    {label: 'Gnosis', value: 'gnosis'},
    {label: 'Chiado', value: 'chiado'}
]}>
<TabItem value="gnosis">

<Tabs className="tabgroup-with-label os-tabgroup" groupId="os" defaultValue="others" values={[
{label: 'Linux, MacOS, Arm64', value: 'others'},
{label: 'Windows', value: 'win'}
]}>
<TabItem value="others">

> :::danger
> Nimbus is not ready for production use. Currently, you can only use Docker to run Nimbus Beacon Node + Validator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution
Nimbus is considered experimental for Gnosis and only supports Docker deployments for now. For production ready alternatives, please consider Lighthouse, Teku or Lodestar.
```
